Update the readme and contributing files (#525)
astropy/astropy-tutorials: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> We welcome new contributed Astropy tutorials and improvements to existing tutorials. Please see the [contributing guide](https://learn.astropy.org/contributing) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome both new tutorials covering astronomy-related concepts and improvements to existing tutorials. Please see the [contributing guide](https://learn.astropy.org/contributing) for more information on how to contribute.
```
